11th commandment: Covet not thy neighbor's Pentium.
Anybody who thinks talk is cheap never argued with a traffic cop.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
Best file compression around: "DEL *.*" = 100% compression
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
donna-nes, DONNA
Did you ever feel that you were a typewriter, while everyone else in the world was a wordprocessor?
Dieting is wishful shrinking.
Don't wait for the hearse to take you to church.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.
Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)
God gives us faces; we create our own expressions.
Herblock's Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
If you think you're getting too much government these days, just be happy that you're not getting all you are paying for.
I have a good memory, I just never defrag it!
If we weren't meant to keep starting over, would God have granted us monday?
I hit the CTRL key but I'm still not in control!
I used to have a photographic memory, but it was never developed....
If God is your co-pilot, switch seats with Him!
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
Knowing without doing is like plowing without sowing.
Love is blind. Marriage is the eye-opener.
Life just gives you time and space. Its up to you to fill it.
Life is like a game of tennis; the player who serves well seldom loses.
Life itself cannot give you joy unless you really will it.
Minds, like parachutes, only function when they are open.
Murphy's Law is recursive. Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
No dodgy subjects. Just ones outta the blue.
Our coffee is so good we even drink it ourselves, on occasion.
Press any key...no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Press CTRL-ALT-DEL to continue....
RAM disk is NOT an installation procedure.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
There's no future in time travel.
There is nothing wrong in having nothing to say, unless you insist on saying it.
The Hero died. But that is not the end of the story.
The name is Baud......, James Baud.
The nice thing about standards is, there are so many to choose from.
There are three kinds of people: those who can count, and those who can't.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
When God closes a door He opens a window.
Will the information superhighway have any rest stops?
Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"
Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?